Re-do read me structure (#18)
dolbyio-samples/comms-app-react-events: README.md

[![Deploy to Netlify from fork](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/dolbyio-samples/comms-app-react-events)

## Getting Started

> The following steps will quickly get you started testing the Dolby.io Communications APIs capabilities.

Reviewer: Don't this need line IMO

### Pre-requisites

To get started building this app you will need a Dolby.io account. You will also need the following -

* [NPM v8.11 or higher](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)
* [Yarn v1.22.19](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)
* [Node v18.0.0 or higher](https://nodejs.org/en/download)

### Basic terminology

As you browse through the source code and documents, you might come across some of these terms

> * **A host** is a participant with additional permissions to manage the conference and other participants.

Author: I mean you're right - I copied them from our solutions guide. Let me amend them

* **A viewer** is a participant who can only receive video and audio stream from the conference.

> * A **proxy-app-server** is an intermediary API server that communicates with the Dolby.io Communications Platform in order to provide functionality such as RTS/RTMP/HLS streaming or consuming web-hook data. You can see our sample implementation [here](./backend).

Reviewer: **proxy-app-server** - do we actually use this exact term (hyphens included) anywhere?

Author: Nope, I've unhyphenated it. We do refer to Proxy App Server a fair bit.

### How to get a Dolby.io account

To setup your Dolby.io account, go to the [Dolby.io dashboard](https://dolby.io) and register for an account. After confirming your email address, you will be logged in.

> If you did not receive a verification email, check your Spam or Junk email folders.

#### Setting up your [Dolby.io](https://dashboard.dolby.io) app

To set up your app for events, you will need to:

1. Go to the _Dashboard_, and click `add new app` if you do not have an existing app. ![dashboard](events/documentation//dashboard-events.png)
2. To enable events streaming, your app should be opted into the open beta program. You can find this at the bottom of the `Communications APIs` sidebar navigation when you click on your app.

 ![dashboard](events/documentation/open-beta.png)

## How to run the Events app

> Run the following steps after cloning the repository to run the application locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the application locally, clone the repository and then perform the following steps.
```

### Install dependencies

**note** : This guide is written with [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) in mind. We have not validated this project with other package managers.

Open a terminal window in the root directory of your project folder. Install the project's dependencies using the following command.

```bash
yarn
```

### Repo structure

> The code in this repository is organised in the following way

Reviewer: Probably don't need this line

> * The `/events/src/` directory contains all the front-end code for the events app. Within this directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `/events/src/` directory contains all the front-end code for the events app. Within this directory:
```

  * `hooks/` contains wrapper functions around our SDK for re-usable functionality.
  * `components/` contains UI components that encapsulate and provide functionality.
  * `utils/` provides some generic helper functions.
  * `context/` contains the React Context for the side drawer and the main component window.

> * The `backend/` contains the code for the proxy server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `/backend/` contains the code for the proxy server.
```

Also, it'd look neater if the folders didn't have the trailing slashes 😄

> This project is built with the [Comms UI Kit for react](https://github.com/dolbyio/comms-uikit-react) library for simplicity and re-use of standard Communications API based components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is built with the [Comms UI Kit for React](https://github.com/dolbyio/comms-uikit-react) library for simplicity and re-use of standard Communications API-based components.
```

### Set up `.env` file

> Create a new file called `.env` in the `events` folder, and copy the contents of `.env.example` into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new file called `.env` in the `events` folder and copy the contents of `.env.example` into it.
```

> You will need to provide the values for `KEY` and `SECRET` from your dolby.io app. To obtain your key and secret from the Dolby.io dashboard,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to provide the values for `KEY` and `SECRET` from your Dolby.io app. To obtain your key and secret from the Dolby.io dashboard:
```

Just for consistency

> 1. Go to the _Dashboard_, and click on the `API Keys` next to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the _Dashboard_ and click on the `API Keys` next to your application.
```

   ![dashboard](events/documentation/dashboard.png)
2. On the next screen, copy the `App key` and `App secret` and paste them in your `.env` file against the marked variables.
   ![token](events/documentation/client_access_token.png)

> If you want chat and the ability to promote a viewer to host, you will need to provide your `PUBNUB_PUBLISH_KEY`, `PUBNUB_SUBSCRIBE_KEY`, and `PUBNUB_SECRET_KEY` as well. To setup PubNub, please go through the [enabling chat guide in our customization guide](customization.md/#enabling-chat-and-promoting-a-viewer-to-co-host).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable chat and the ability to promote a viewer to host, you will need to provide your `PUBNUB_PUBLISH_KEY`, `PUBNUB_SUBSCRIBE_KEY`, and `PUBNUB_SECRET_KEY` as well. To setup PubNub, please go through the [enabling chat guide in our customization guide](customization.md/#enabling-chat-and-promoting-a-viewer-to-co-host).
```

The secrets will not be exposed on the frontend.

> #### Start the app
> 
> Execute the following command to run the application locally in a terminal window inside the `/events/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Running the app

To run the application locally, execute the command below inside the `/events` directory.
```

Also, we should change all of the headings to either use gerund (-ing words) or not (but not both)

```bash
yarn dev
```

#### Open the app in a browser

> After the appropriate message appears in the terminal window, open <http://localhost:3000> in the browser. The application will launch at this address and will look like the screenshot below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the dev server starts, open <http://localhost:3000> in the browser. The application will launch at this address and will look like the screenshot below.
```

"appropriate message" is a bit ambiguous 😅
